README.md, before:

<div align="center">

<h1>  
Markdown Syntax Guide <br>
Beginner to Expert
</h1>

 ☙◦❦♖
![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white) 
♖❦◦❧

</div>

**Markdown is a simple text formatting tool, widely used on platforms such as GitHub, GitLab, and Bitbucket. In repositories, the readme.md file serves as a file descriptor, offering essential project details.**

It’s commonly applied in Gists, comments, and files with .md or .markdown extensions. Markdown is also popular for content writing on websites and blogs, as well as for creating documentation and installation guides within project directories.

## Contents
 -Adding Soon-

<br>  

<hr>

<!-- ---------------------------------------------- -->
<!-- --------------| 1 | Headings |-|-------------- -->
<!-- ---------------------------------------------- -->

# 1 | Headings

`Preview :`

# H1
## H2
### H3
#### H4
##### H5
###### H6

<br>

` Syntax : `

```git
# H1
## H2
### H3
#### H4
##### H5
###### H6
```

Alternative ways
```md
<h1>H1</h1>
<h2>H2</h2>
<h3>H3</h3>
<h4>H4</h4>
<h5>H5</h5>
<h6>H6</h6>
```

```md
H1
=
H2
-
```

<br>  

<hr>

<hr>

<br>

<!-- ---------------------------------------------- -->
<!-- --------------| 2 | Text styles |-|-------------- -->
<!-- ---------------------------------------------- -->

# 2 | Text styles
<!-- --------------| 2.1 | Bold |-|-------------- -->
## 2.1 ‣ Bold

`Preview :`

**Bold Text Style**  

<br>

` Syntax : `

```md
**Bold Text Style**
```

Alternative ways to **bold text** 

```md
Alternative ways to __bold text__
Alternative ways to <strong>bold text</strong>
```
<br>

<!-- --------------| 2.2 | Italic |-|-------------- -->

## 2.2 ‣ Italic

`Preview :`

*Italic Text Style*  

<br>

` Syntax : `

```md
*Italic Text Style*
```

Alternative ways to *italic text*   

```md
Alternative ways to _italic text_
Alternative ways to <em>italic text</em>
```
<br>

<!-- --------------| 2.3 | Bold and Italic |-|-------------- -->

## 2.3 ‣ Bold and Italic

`Preview :`

***Bold and Italic Text Style***

<br>

` Syntax : `

```md
***Bold and Italic Text Style***
```

Alternative ways to **_bold and italic text_**  

```md
Alternative ways to **_bold and italic text_** 
Alternative ways to <strong><em>bold and italic text</em></strong>
```
<br>

<!-- --------------| 2.4 | Strikethrough |-|-------------- -->

## 2.4 ‣ Strikethrough

`Preview :`

~~Strikethrough Text~~

<br>

` Syntax : `

```md
~~Strikethrough Text~~
```

Alternative ways to <strike>strikethrough text</strike>


```md
Alternative ways to <strike>strikethrough text</strike>
```
<br>

<!-- --------------| 2.5 | Bold, Italic and Strikethrough |-|-------------- -->

## 2.5 ‣ Bold, Italic and Strikethrough

`Preview :`

***~~Bold, Italic and Strikethrough Text~~***

<br>

` Syntax : `

```md
***~~Bold, Italic and Strikethrough Text~~***
```
<br>

<!-- --------------| 2.6 | Underlined |-|-------------- -->

## 2.6 ‣ Underlined

`Preview :`

<ins>Underlined Text Style</ins>

<br>

` Syntax : `

```md
<ins>Underlined Text Style</ins>
```
<br>

<!-- --------------| 2.7 | Boxed |-|-------------- -->

## 2.7 ‣ Boxed

`Preview :`

<table><tr><td>
Boxed Text Style
</td></tr></table>

<br>

` Syntax : `

```md
<table><tr><td>
Boxed Text Style
</td></tr></table>
```
<br>

<!-- --------------| 2.8 | Subscript |-|-------------- -->

## 2.8 ‣ Subscript

`Preview :`

This is the   <sub>Subscript</sub>   text style  
log<sub>2</sub>(x)

<br>

` Syntax : `

```md
This is the <sub>Subscript</sub> text style  
log<sub>2</sub>(x)
```

<br>

<!-- --------------| 2.9 | Superscript |-|-------------- -->

## 2.9 ‣ Superscript

`Preview :`

This is the   <sup>Superscript</sup>   text style  
2 <sup>3</sup> = 8

<br>

` Syntax : `

```md
This is the <sup>Superscript</sup> text style  
2 <sup>3</sup> = 8
```
<br>

<!-- --------------| 2.10 | Monospaced |-|-------------- -->

## 2.10 ‣ Monospaced

`Preview :`

This is the normal text style  
<samp>This is the Monospaced text style</samp> 

<br>

` Syntax : `

```md
<samp>This is the Monospaced text style</samp> 
```

<br>  

<hr>
<div align="center">
   
  <kbd>[&nbsp; ⮝ &nbsp;  BACK TO TOP  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;](#contents) </kbd>

</div>
<hr>

<br>

<!-- ---------------------------------------------- -->
<!-- --------------| 3 | Lists |-|-------------- -->
<!-- ---------------------------------------------- -->

# 3 | Lists

<!-- --------------| 3.1 | Ordered |-|-------------- -->

## 3.1 ‣ Ordered 

`Preview :`

1. First level - Item one
2. First level - Item two
3. First level - Item three

<br>

` Syntax : `

```md
1. First level - Item one
2. First level - Item two
3. First level - Item three
```
<br>

##
### Multi level

`Preview :`

1. First level
    1. Second level
        1. Third level
            - Fourth level
        2. Third level
            - Fourth level
     2. Second level  
2. First level
    1. Second level


<br>

` Syntax : `


```md
1. First level
    1. Second level
        1. Third level
            - Fourth level
        2. Third level
            - Fourth level
     2. Second level  
2. First level
    1. Second level
```
<br>

<!-- --------------| 3.2 | Unordered |-|-------------- -->

## 3.2 ‣ Unordered

`Preview :`

- Item one
- Item two

<br>

` Syntax : `

```md
- Item one
- Item two
```

Alternative ways 


```md
* Item one
* Item two

+ Item one
+ Item two
```
<br>

##
### Multi level

`Preview :`

- First level
  - Second level
    - Third level
      - Fourth level
- First level
  - Second level
 
<br>

` Syntax : `

```md
- First level
  - Second level
    - Third level
      - Fourth level
- First level
  - Second level
```

<br>  

<hr>
<div align="center">
   
  <kbd>[&nbsp; ⮝ &nbsp;  BACK TO TOP  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;](#contents) </kbd>

</div>
<hr>

<br>

<!-- ---------------------------------------------- -->
<!-- --------------| 4 | Links |-|-------------- -->
<!-- ---------------------------------------------- -->

# 4 | Links

<!-- --------------| 4.2 | Basic Types |-|-------------- -->

## 4.1 ‣ Basic Types

- Auto link <br>

`Preview :`

Web   : https://github.com

Email : support@github.com
 
<br>

` Syntax : `

```md
Web   : https://github.com
Email : support@github.com
```
<br>

#
- Enclosed link <> <br>

`Preview :`

GitHub : Let's build from here · <https://github.com>
 
<br>

` Syntax : `

```md
GitHub : Let's build from here · <https://github.com>
```

<br>

Commit message:

docs [ readme ] : Add unit-4 :- Links Link Label

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

<h1>  
Markdown Syntax Guide <br>
Beginner to Expert
</h1>

 ☙◦❦♖
![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white) 
♖❦◦❧

</div>

**Markdown is a simple text formatting tool, widely used on platforms such as GitHub, GitLab, and Bitbucket. In repositories, the readme.md file serves as a file descriptor, offering essential project details.**

It’s commonly applied in Gists, comments, and files with .md or .markdown extensions. Markdown is also popular for content writing on websites and blogs, as well as for creating documentation and installation guides within project directories.

## Contents
 -Adding Soon-

<br>  

<hr>

<!-- ---------------------------------------------- -->
<!-- --------------| 1 | Headings |-|-------------- -->
<!-- ---------------------------------------------- -->

# 1 | Headings

`Preview :`

# H1
## H2
### H3
#### H4
##### H5
###### H6

<br>

` Syntax : `

```git
# H1
## H2
### H3
#### H4
##### H5
###### H6
```

Alternative ways
```md
<h1>H1</h1>
<h2>H2</h2>
<h3>H3</h3>
<h4>H4</h4>
<h5>H5</h5>
<h6>H6</h6>
```

```md
H1
=
H2
-
```

<br>  

<hr>

<hr>

<br>

<!-- ---------------------------------------------- -->
<!-- --------------| 2 | Text styles |-|-------------- -->
<!-- ---------------------------------------------- -->

# 2 | Text styles
<!-- --------------| 2.1 | Bold |-|-------------- -->
## 2.1 ‣ Bold

`Preview :`

**Bold Text Style**  

<br>

` Syntax : `

```md
**Bold Text Style**
```

Alternative ways to **bold text** 

```md
Alternative ways to __bold text__
Alternative ways to <strong>bold text</strong>
```
<br>

<!-- --------------| 2.2 | Italic |-|-------------- -->

## 2.2 ‣ Italic

`Preview :`

*Italic Text Style*  

<br>

` Syntax : `

```md
*Italic Text Style*
```

Alternative ways to *italic text*   

```md
Alternative ways to _italic text_
Alternative ways to <em>italic text</em>
```
<br>

<!-- --------------| 2.3 | Bold and Italic |-|-------------- -->

## 2.3 ‣ Bold and Italic

`Preview :`

***Bold and Italic Text Style***

<br>

` Syntax : `

```md
***Bold and Italic Text Style***
```

Alternative ways to **_bold and italic text_**  

```md
Alternative ways to **_bold and italic text_** 
Alternative ways to <strong><em>bold and italic text</em></strong>
```
<br>

<!-- --------------| 2.4 | Strikethrough |-|-------------- -->

## 2.4 ‣ Strikethrough

`Preview :`

~~Strikethrough Text~~

<br>

` Syntax : `

```md
~~Strikethrough Text~~
```

Alternative ways to <strike>strikethrough text</strike>


```md
Alternative ways to <strike>strikethrough text</strike>
```
<br>

<!-- --------------| 2.5 | Bold, Italic and Strikethrough |-|-------------- -->

## 2.5 ‣ Bold, Italic and Strikethrough

`Preview :`

***~~Bold, Italic and Strikethrough Text~~***

<br>

` Syntax : `

```md
***~~Bold, Italic and Strikethrough Text~~***
```
<br>

<!-- --------------| 2.6 | Underlined |-|-------------- -->

## 2.6 ‣ Underlined

`Preview :`

<ins>Underlined Text Style</ins>

<br>

` Syntax : `

```md
<ins>Underlined Text Style</ins>
```
<br>

<!-- --------------| 2.7 | Boxed |-|-------------- -->

## 2.7 ‣ Boxed

`Preview :`

<table><tr><td>
Boxed Text Style
</td></tr></table>

<br>

` Syntax : `

```md
<table><tr><td>
Boxed Text Style
</td></tr></table>
```
<br>

<!-- --------------| 2.8 | Subscript |-|-------------- -->

## 2.8 ‣ Subscript

`Preview :`

This is the   <sub>Subscript</sub>   text style  
log<sub>2</sub>(x)

<br>

` Syntax : `

```md
This is the <sub>Subscript</sub> text style  
log<sub>2</sub>(x)
```

<br>

<!-- --------------| 2.9 | Superscript |-|-------------- -->

## 2.9 ‣ Superscript

`Preview :`

This is the   <sup>Superscript</sup>   text style  
2 <sup>3</sup> = 8

<br>

` Syntax : `

```md
This is the <sup>Superscript</sup> text style  
2 <sup>3</sup> = 8
```
<br>

<!-- --------------| 2.10 | Monospaced |-|-------------- -->

## 2.10 ‣ Monospaced

`Preview :`

This is the normal text style  
<samp>This is the Monospaced text style</samp> 

<br>

` Syntax : `

```md
<samp>This is the Monospaced text style</samp> 
```

<br>  

<hr>
<div align="center">
   
  <kbd>[&nbsp; ⮝ &nbsp;  BACK TO TOP  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;](#contents) </kbd>

</div>
<hr>

<br>

<!-- ---------------------------------------------- -->
<!-- --------------| 3 | Lists |-|-------------- -->
<!-- ---------------------------------------------- -->

# 3 | Lists

<!-- --------------| 3.1 | Ordered |-|-------------- -->

## 3.1 ‣ Ordered 

`Preview :`

1. First level - Item one
2. First level - Item two
3. First level - Item three

<br>

` Syntax : `

```md
1. First level - Item one
2. First level - Item two
3. First level - Item three
```
<br>

##
### Multi level

`Preview :`

1. First level
    1. Second level
        1. Third level
            - Fourth level
        2. Third level
            - Fourth level
     2. Second level  
2. First level
    1. Second level


<br>

` Syntax : `


```md
1. First level
    1. Second level
        1. Third level
            - Fourth level
        2. Third level
            - Fourth level
     2. Second level  
2. First level
    1. Second level
```
<br>

<!-- --------------| 3.2 | Unordered |-|-------------- -->

## 3.2 ‣ Unordered

`Preview :`

- Item one
- Item two

<br>

` Syntax : `

```md
- Item one
- Item two
```

Alternative ways 


```md
* Item one
* Item two

+ Item one
+ Item two
```
<br>

##
### Multi level

`Preview :`

- First level
  - Second level
    - Third level
      - Fourth level
- First level
  - Second level
 
<br>

` Syntax : `

```md
- First level
  - Second level
    - Third level
      - Fourth level
- First level
  - Second level
```

<br>  

<hr>
<div align="center">
   
  <kbd>[&nbsp; ⮝ &nbsp;  BACK TO TOP  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;](#contents) </kbd>

</div>
<hr>

<br>

<!-- ---------------------------------------------- -->
<!-- --------------| 4 | Links |-|-------------- -->
<!-- ---------------------------------------------- -->

# 4 | Links

<!-- --------------| 4.1 | Basic Types |-|-------------- -->

## 4.1 ‣ Basic Types

- Auto link <br>

`Preview :`

Web   : https://github.com

Email : support@github.com
 
<br>

` Syntax : `

```md
Web   : https://github.com
Email : support@github.com
```
<br>

#
- Enclosed link <> <br>

`Preview :`

GitHub : Let's build from here · <https://github.com>
 
<br>

` Syntax : `

```md
GitHub : Let's build from here · <https://github.com>
```

<br>

<!-- --------------| 4.2 | Link Label  |-|-------------- -->

## 4.2 ‣ Link Label 

`Preview :`

[GitHub](https://github.com) : Let's build from here <br>
Hi, [sign in](https://github.com/login) to GitHub
 
<br>

` Syntax : []()`

```md
[GitHub](https://github.com) : Let's build from here
Hi, [sign in](https://github.com/login) to GitHub
```

<br>
